Have you ever seen anyone who dares to trespass into the residence of the Lord of God?
Then you, Master Yu, are you stupid?
A big man like the Lord of God
Every time you go out, you don't call and hug
You can see him all alone.
Ye Longyuan, do you want to destroy it yourself or do I do it?
You dare to trespass into the dwelling of the Lord of God
It's a waste of time to let you go
Don't be ignorant
Your master Qingluan doesn't dare to do anything
Spare your life
Why don't you kneel down and thank you and get out?
Otherwise he can kill you with one word
Look at Qianjiao's face
I'll give you one more chance.
Go now I can let go of the past
The attributes of your green mountain
Good you can go
Qin Ruoan is not Su Yuyun tonight
Just get out
The phone number of our holy king
It's you, a piece of trash, who can know
What are you wearing?
But it doesn't matter.
I will call the Holy King
When the Holy King comes, you will die.
Lord Holy King
Someone is good at Kyushu Villa No. 1 tonight
Still making trouble here
Please come over.